today I'm going to try to finish
stripping down this frame I just got a
few small things to remove like that
exhaust hanger bracket right there the
bushings out of the rear shackle mounts
on both sides
these fuel lines and brake lines as well
as the fuel filter skid plate and the
motor mounts as well as the bump stops
on the front and on the rear shouldn't
take but maybe 15-20 minutes at the most
so let's get started okay I got all the
suspension bump stops removed they
working that great of shape definitely
won't be reusing them that one and those
and there's that exhaust hanger that I
removed off the frame now when I removed
the skid plate for the fuel filter I
uncovered some more rust on the frame as
you can see there's a small hole there
and I don't know how well you can see
this but this area from here to here is
going to need a patch I'm probably if I
fix it myself I'm just going to cut out
this bottom section and put a nice
little curve on a piece of metal and
just weld it in and then just weld that
hole up
but I made the sell the whole frame as
is save somebody some money they can
just patch up these few little places
and use it for their project and here's
the only rust in the rear is this small
hole here tiny hole right there and a
large hole on the bottom but that's
actually not bad for the area where this
Jeep came from but it makes me a whole
lot happier with my Jeep I mean my Jeep
you can still read the build date where
it stamped into the rear of the frame
and all the other numbers stamped into
it I mean it looks great but this one
will be good for somebody I just don't
need all right now that I'm getting to
removing these fuel lines and brake
lines I'm leaving them in their little
plastic holders and I'm just using my
little door panel removal tool to just
pop the clips out of the frame I've
already done two of them I would do it
with the camera on but I can't hold it
and do this at the same time it's not
that great of a camera anyway so I'll
just show it after I'm finished pulling
the rest of them okay I've got the fuel
lines and brake line off the frame rail
now
I'm just leaving them all together in
their little clips just easier to store
them this way and not lose anything keep
it all together for whatever I need it
or someone else needs it I just like
having spare parts for mine now I'm
going to work on getting these motor
mounts off that'll take me less than
five minutes the frame is now completely
stripped down and ready to go
I'm going to try to sell it like it is
give somebody a good deal so they can
just repair it a little bit of rust
themselves got this rest here if you can
see it with the Sun on the wrong side on
the bottom right there where the fuel
filter skid plate mounts and on the back
of the frame right here by the left rear
shackle mount and there's the bigger
hole on the bottom but that's the only
rust on the frame is that area there and
the bottom of this area here but
someone that can weld and just cut a
couple little pieces of steel can have
this frame back in working order again
then put their stuff on it and hit the
trails or just if they have other
sections of their frames that are rusted
out they can cut off what they need off
this one but if it doesn't sell then I
will repair everything and sandblast the
whole frame and paint it and sell it for
more and then make a little profit off
of it but I don't need the frame my
frame doesn't have a speck of rust on it
and hopefully I'll keep it that way
but there it is 1992 Jeep Wrangler YJ
frame ready to sell